---
template: post
motorbike_2b: []
title: 2B 2.02
subtitle: Turning, Lane Change
date: 2018-12-15T09:00:00+08:00
thumb_img_path: ''
content_img_path: ''
excerpt: ''
canonical_url: ''

---
Today is about learning how to turn left, do filter lane change and lane change while going straight.

Instead of going for warm up round within the circuit today, our instructor asked us to push our bike to cross the zebra crossing towards the filter lane left turn.

We were briefed on what to do and he demonstrate how to left turn properly.

Now it is our time to practice!

Got on the bike start our engines and line up to the filter lane.

**Turning Left:**

* Slow down your speed if necessary
* Prepare to stop at zebra crossing (If people crossing!)
* If not, maintain gear 2 check left blind spot when going into filter lane
* Then check right for oncoming vehicles
* STOP if it is not clear, ELSE kena bang
* When clear check left blind spot before turning out!

**How to check blind spot:**

* instructor always say "i didnt see you check"
* They want to see you turn your helmet! Look over your shoulder.
* Really have the habit to check your blind spot
* It saves your life in real life, imagine you never check and didnt see the vehicle or human when turning.

**Lane Changing:**

* Pick up speed before changing lane!
* ALWAYS SIGNAL 2-3 seconds before turning
* Check mirror then blind spot before turning
* Turn slightly (like 15 degrees angle) not too sharp
* After finish lane change, TURN OFF signal light (just press in the button to off)

That's about it for this lesson, we all passed and move on to lesson 3.01!