---
template: post
motorbike_2b: []
title: 2B 3.01
subtitle: 'Narrow plank + Plyon slalom '
date: 2019-12-20T09:00:00+08:00
thumb_img_path: ''
content_img_path: ''
excerpt: ''
canonical_url: ''

---
Today is an exciting day! We are doing narrow plank and plyon slalom! These 2 are the circuit courses requirement for TP Test!

We start up our bike and did 2 rounds of warm up inside the circuit. We parked our bikes before the narrow plank. Instructor showed us demo how to stay on the narrow plank for 6 seconds or more in Gear 1 half clutch! Then it is our turn to try.

**Narrow Plank:**

* Posture is important!

1. Relax shoulder
2. Eyes in front not down
3. Arms to be relaxed not straight
4. **Thighs GRIP fuel tank TIGHT (I cant stress THIS IS MOST IMPORTANT)**

With these steps can help you in balancing

* Low speed control
  1. Maintain half clutch and throttle to power the bike forward
  2. At same time, apply FOOTBRAKE to maintain low speed and balance
  3. FOOTBRAKE will help you to maintain balance at very low speed
* You can easily hit 6 seconds or more if you follow the two tips!

Next we move on to the... 

**Plyon slalom:**

This is the easier task for me, don't know how to explain this but it will come naturally to you after some practice.

There are 5 cones, you have to pass through all in zip-zag style under 6 seconds! Timing starts after the white line after you change up to gear 2

* Start move off in gear 1
* Quickly throttle and switch up to gear 2
* At the same time move more towards the right side
* Gives you easier clearance for cones
* Then start to turn into the cone
* Halfway pass the cone, start to counter turn into the other cone
* Do the same for the next cone
* Maintain comfortable speed for your turn, brake if needed
* BRAKE only use footbrake

PASSED! move onto Lesson 3.02 next!